README.md, before:

# Basic Containerized Ruby on Rails App

Based on `rails new <app>`

# Versions
Ruby 3.4.2

Rails 8.0.1

# To run from Docker
1. Run the following:
```
docker-compose up -d
```
2. Navigate to: http://localhost:3000/

# To run locally without Docker
1. Run the following:
```
bin/rails server
```
2. Navigate to: http://localhost:3000/

# To access database
Navigate to http://localhost:8082/

# Logging In
1. Use the following credentials:
	1. Username: admin
	2. Password: test

# To rebuild everything
```
docker compose down --remove-orphans; docker compose build --no-cache; docker compose up -d;
```

# Terminal into the server on Docker
1. Run `docker exec -it ruby_web bash`

# Setting environment keys and secrets in docker-compose.yml
NOTE: Keeping your secrets in docker-compose.yml is a bad idea. You should inject the values during a CI/CD build process.

1. Run `bin/rails db:encryption:init` from within the web container
2. Update ACTIVE_RECORD_* keys in docker-compose.yml based on the results

Commit message:

Added troubleshooting for web container.

README.md, after:

# Basic Containerized Ruby on Rails App

Based on `rails new <app>`

# Versions
Ruby 3.4

Rails 8.1

# To run from Docker
1. Run the following:
```
docker-compose up -d
```
2. Navigate to: http://localhost:3000/

# To run locally without Docker
1. Run the following:
```
bin/rails server
```
2. Navigate to: http://localhost:3000/

# To access database
Navigate to http://localhost:8082/

# Logging In
1. Use the following credentials:
	1. Username: admin
	2. Password: test

# To rebuild everything
```
docker compose down --remove-orphans; docker compose build --no-cache; docker compose up -d;
```

# Terminal into the server on Docker
1. Run `docker exec -it ruby_web bash`

# Setting environment keys and secrets in docker-compose.yml
NOTE: Keeping your secrets in docker-compose.yml is a bad idea. You should inject the values during a CI/CD build process.

1. Run `bin/rails db:encryption:init` from within the web container
2. Update ACTIVE_RECORD_* keys in docker-compose.yml based on the results

# Troubleshooting
## Invalid option on web container
1. Use a package like `dos2unix` to convert the **bin/docker-entrypoint** file.
